(Amended by Law No. 82 of 2002 dated August 3, 2002).- The debtor, on whose behalf the property is being sold, may, before the date of the public sale, sell the property himself. In this case, he remains liable for any changes occurring to the property until the purchase price is secured. 

The purchase price agreed upon by the contracting parties, whether it is higher or lower than the value of the property, and the expenses of the public sale, must be secured. The security must be sufficient to cover all the creditors who are entitled to the property and any objections. The security must be provided by a contract concluded no later than ten days before the date of the public sale.

If the applicant for the public sale has not been paid before the day and time set for the public sale, his lawyer will conduct the public sale for the highest bidder. This will happen after announcing the description of the property being sold, the costs it incurs, the opening price, the amount of expenses and fees assessed, and, if necessary, the objections recorded in the conditions of sale. The bidding will then open, and three lights will be lit in succession, each lasting approximately one minute. The bidder is not bound by the price he has offered if another bid is made after his bid, even if he has declared that the last bid is invalid. The declaration of the sale will only be made after the extinction of three lights lit in succession. If a bid is made before the extinction of one of the lights, the declaration of the sale can only be made after the extinction of two other lights without any bids during their duration. If no bids are made during the duration of the lighting of the three lights and the creditor does not accept the sale of the property to his benefit at the opening price, the court must postpone the date of the public sale once and reduce the opening price by forty percent. The court must then set a date for the public sale within a period not exceeding sixty days and publish the postponed public sale at least fifteen days before the date of the public sale by the means of publication provided for in articles 418 to 420 of this Code (amended by Law No. 79 of 2005 dated August 4, 2005). 

Bids can only be made by a lawyer and by those who have secured at least one-third of the opening price in the Deposit and Consignment Fund or who have provided a certified check for the amount or an irrevocable bank guarantee. The person pursuing the sale is exempt from the requirements of this paragraph, as is the partner in the case of a joint sale by auction. 
