Extinction of the Claim

A claim [1] is a request by one party for their right from another in the presence of a judge; the requester is called the claimant and the party requested is called the defendant. [2] A claim is the right of every claimant to bring their claim before the court to obtain a judgment on its subject matter.  For the opponent, it is the right to present arguments or defenses aimed at refuting that claim.

The statute of limitations does not apply to rights except from the time of their accrual. Therefore, it is inapplicable in the following situations:

Firstly: With respect to rights contingent upon a condition until it is fulfilled.

Secondly: In a claim for recourse against a guarantor until the right is due or the event giving rise to recourse occurs.

Thirdly: In a claim [1] is a request by one party for their right from another in the presence of a judge; the requester is called the claimant and the party requested is called the defendant. [2] A claim is the right of every claimant to bring their claim before the court to obtain a judgment on its subject matter.  For the opponent, it is the right to present arguments or defenses aimed at refuting that claim. that is subject to a time limit until it becomes due.

Fourthly: In the right concerning a missing person until their absence is established by a court judgment and a representative is appointed for them, and who is located far from the place where the claim [1] is a request by one party for their right from another in the presence of a judge; the requester is called the claimant and the party requested is called the defendant. [2] A claim is the right of every claimant to bring their claim before the court to obtain a judgment on its subject matter.  For the opponent, it is the right to present arguments or defenses aimed at refuting that claim. is extinguished by the passage of time. A judgment [A written decision of a court resolving a legal or factual matter] must be rendered concerning the missing person.

Fifthly: In the event of an excuse for the creditor that prevented them from exercising their rights during the period stipulated for the extinction of the claim [1] is a request by one party for their right from another in the presence of a judge; the requester is called the claimant and the party requested is called the defendant. [2] A claim is the right of every claimant to bring their claim before the court to obtain a judgment on its subject matter.  For the opponent, it is the right to present arguments or defenses aimed at refuting that claim., due to court closures during that period or another reason beyond their control.
