(Amended by Law No. 50 of 2010 dated November 1, 2010). - The President of the Court shall select a family judge from among his/her deputies. The court shall not rule on divorce unless the family judge has made every effort to reconcile the spouses. This reconciliation shall be by way of a [1] settlement agreement, where each of the parties in reconciliation waives some of their claims or by the delivery of something of value or a right.  [2] A settlement agreement is a legally binding agreement that terminates an existing dispute or prevents a potential dispute, by each party in exchange for the other’s right. 

If the family judge is unable to reconcile the spouses, and with their consent, they may resort to the assistance of a family mediator, appointed from within the structures of social development, to reconcile them and help them reach a solution that ends the dispute while maintaining family ties. The list of family mediators is set by a joint decision of the Minister of Justice and the Minister in charge of social affairs. If the [defendant] does not appear and has not been served with the summons, the family judge shall adjourn the case and resort to any means necessary to summon the person in question personally or to ascertain their actual address and summon them from there. If there is a minor child or more, the reconciliation session shall be repeated three times, with each session being held at least 30 days after the previous one, and during which the judge shall exert further efforts to reach a settlement agreement. 

The family judge shall issue, even without a request, all immediate decisions regarding the spouses’ residence, maintenance, custody, and visitation rights. The parties may expressly agree to leave all or some of these decisions unaddressed if they do not conflict with the interests of the minor children. The family judge shall assess maintenance based on the elements gathered during the reconciliation attempt. The immediate decisions shall be executed on a draft and shall not be subject to appeal or cassation, but they are subject to review by the family judge unless a judgment is issued in the original case. The court shall rule initially on divorce after a reflection period of two months before the stage of pleading, and shall also rule on all matters related to its consequences, determine the amount of alimony due to the divorced wife after the waiting period, and decide on the confirmed means of enforcing the immediate decisions issued by the family judge. The judge may shorten these procedures in cases of amicable divorce unless this affects the interests of the children. Parts of the judgment related to custody, maintenance, alimony, residence, and visitation rights shall be enforced notwithstanding appeal or cassation. 
