(Added by Article 79 of Law No. 85 of 2006, dated December 25, 2006). - Public trustees of funds, prior to delivering them to the persons entitled to receive them, must notify the Regional Treasurer in whose district those persons reside, by registered letter with acknowledgment of receipt or by a bailiff or by direct deposit with the stamp of the registry office. For the purposes of this article, public trustees of funds shall mean: - Lawyers and bailiffs in relation to the price of the sale of real estate pursuant to a judgment. - Judicial trustees in relation to the return of funds to those who have proven their right to them. - Bankruptcy administrators in relation to the distribution of funds resulting from the liquidation of bankrupt companies. - Liquidators of commercial companies in relation to the distribution of funds resulting from the liquidation of their profits to their creditors and any remaining funds to the partners. - Liquidators of estates and endowments in relation to the payment of debts due upon them and the distribution of the remaining funds resulting from their liquidation to the beneficiaries. - Monitors of the implementation of rescue programs for institutions facing economic difficulties in relation to the price of their transfer to third parties. - Judicial administrators in relation to the distribution of profits to partners. The notification must include the identity of the persons entitled to receive the funds, their tax identification number, and in the absence thereof, their national identity card number, and for foreigners, their residence permit number. The Regional Treasurer must respond to this notification within ten days of its receipt by informing the public trustee that there is no debt owed to the state by the owner of those funds or by notifying him of an administrative objection to the total amount of the debt. The deadline granted to the public trustee, pursuant to the legislation in force, for delivering the funds to the persons entitled to receive them, is suspended for the duration stipulated in the preceding paragraph. The public trustee may, after the expiry of the aforementioned deadline, deliver the funds to the owners if he has not received any administrative objection or response from the Regional Treasurer. In the event of the notification not being sent or the sending of an inaccurate notification, the public trustee shall be liable within the meaning of the provisions of paragraph seven and the following of Article 31 of this Code. The provisions of this article shall not apply to sums not subject to seizure according to the legislation in force.
