(Added by Law No. 61 of the year 2000, dated 20 June 2000)

It is permissible for any creditor, if he is pursuing an enforcement procedure, and for the debtor subject to this procedure, to request from the court within whose jurisdiction the commercial asset is located, permission to sell it in bulk, along with the equipment and goods belonging to it.

The court shall decide on the request by requiring the pursuing creditor, that if the debtor does not pay what is due from him within the specified time, the commercial asset shall be sold at the creditor's request after completion of the procedures stipulated in Article 244.

The same shall apply if the creditor requests permission to sell the commercial asset during the publication of the notice submitted by the debtor. If the creditor does not request permission to sell, the court shall determine the period within which the sale requested by the debtor must be carried out, according to the conditions stipulated in Article 244 hereinafter mentioned. The court shall, moreover, authorize that if the debtor does not proceed with the sale within the prescribed time, the enforcement procedures shall be resumed, commencing from the last step at which they ceased. The court shall, as necessary, appoint a temporary administrator of the commercial asset, determine the starting price offered for auction, and specify the essential conditions that must be met for the sale to be completed. It shall entrust the sale to the public auctioneer who shall prepare the terms of sale. If it appears beneficial to carry out extraordinary publicity procedures, these shall be mentioned in the judgment, or if omitted from the judgment, permission for them may be granted by a decision on a petition from the President of the Court. The court may, by its judgment, authorize the pursuing party to sell the commercial asset if there is no registered creditor or opponent, provided that the outstanding sums owed to the entitled party are paid directly upon the delivery of the purchase price to either the debtor or the public auctioneer, as the case may be, and that any amount received by the entitled party from the debtor is deducted from his debt or that the entitled party only receives from the purchase price the amount of his original debt, interest, and expenses. The judgment shall be rendered within one month following the date of the registration of the notice. This judgment shall be enforceable in accordance with the draft judgment prior to its registration. If the judgment is appealed, the Court of Appeal must render its judgment within forty-five days. Its judgment shall be enforceable in accordance with the draft judgment prior to its registration.

The public auctioneer authorized by law shall carry out the sale procedures within a maximum period of sixty days from the date of the assignment.
