The Court shall set a deadline for the Judicial Administrator to draw up a specification document. This document must include the terms and conditions of the lease or the free agency, particularly the obligations borne by the bidder, especially those related to the working conditions which the bidder is obliged to maintain and the breach of which shall result in the termination of the contract. The specification document shall include an inventory of all the elements of the commercial asset and equipment located in the premises, the machines used in its exploitation, and the current contracts binding the business with third parties. The specification document must also include an explicit written commitment from the lessee not to dispose of the material elements of the leased business, not to dissipate the intangible elements of the commercial asset or to convert them for his own personal benefit or to overuse them.

The specification document shall also specify the conditions under which the premises belonging to the business can be visited and inspected. It shall also specify the payment deadlines for the lease installments, with the time period between them not exceeding three months in all cases. The Court shall authorize the Judicial Administrator to carry out the necessary advertisements to receive bids, and shall determine in the preliminary order opening the lease, based on the report of an expert, the initial lease duration.

The Judicial Administrator shall submit to the Court the bids received within the stipulated timeframes. The Court shall select the bid that guarantees the continuation of working conditions, the covering of debts, and the preservation of the elements of the commercial asset. The Court shall also take into account the obligations borne by the business under the current contracts and shall specify in its ruling the net lease amount, free from payments and duties. The Enforcement Officer shall oversee the completion of the lease or free agency procedures, and the lease or free agency contract shall be subject to the provisions of this Code and general rules.

The lessee shall bear the burdens, duties, payments, and taxes related to the operation of the business. 
