I.  Reimbursement of fees collected without legal basis or unlawfully due to error by the parties or the administration, as well as fees that have become refundable due to a subsequent event, is permitted. II. Fees collected legally on contracts annulled or rescinded due to an express or implied resolutive or contractual condition are not refundable.  However, in the case of judicial rescission of a contract due to lesion or annulment of a sale due to a hidden defect, and in all other cases requiring annulment, the fees collected on the annulled, rescinded, or voided contract are not refundable unless the annulment, rescission, or voiding was issued by a written court judgment or decision that has acquired the authority of *res judicata*. The registration fee on transfers is not applicable to annulments, cancellations, rescissions, or voidings issued by a written court judgment or decision, regardless of the reason. III. Reimbursement of fees shall be carried out according to the conditions of paragraphs I and II of this chapter, after deduction of the fixed fee stipulated in paragraph I of Chapter 23 of this Code. IV. In case of the return of an absentee, the registration fees levied on inheritances shall be reimbursed after deduction of the fees calculated on the amounts and values enjoyed by the beneficiaries. Reimbursement of the proportional registration fee paid on contracts for the transfer of ownership of agricultural land allocated for investment in the agricultural sector, as per the Investment Law, shall be subject to a request submitted by the purchaser within a maximum period of 3 years from the date of the contract, provided that an investment declaration is filed with the relevant authorities.  Reimbursement requires the submission of a certificate proving the commencement of actual implementation. Reimbursement is subject to the provisions of the Tax Law and Procedure Code. (Added by Article 2 of Chapter 6 of Law No. 8 of 2017 dated 14/02/2017 concerning the revision of the tax privileges system).
