The following persons are considered subject to the Value Added Tax (VAT) and are liable for its payment:

I. Natural or legal persons who:

1) Carry out the operations referred to in paragraph 1 and sub-paragraphs 2 to 8 of paragraph II of Chapter I above.

2) Stipulate the VAT in their invoices or other documents that replace them, simply by mentioning the VAT on the invoice.

However, these persons are only liable for the VAT that has been mentioned or stipulated in their invoices.

3) Choose to be subject to VAT for all their activities. Every natural person or legal person whose activity is outside the scope of VAT, as well as persons referred to in Article 44 bis of the Law on Income Tax for Individuals and Corporation Tax, amended by Article 37 of Decree-Law No. 58 of 2010 dated 17 December 2010, may make this choice.

Persons carrying out operations exempted from VAT are not entitled to this choice. However, the option to be subject to VAT, either fully or partially, may be exercised by persons who:

- Carry out operations exempted from VAT that are destined for export.

- Supply VAT-liable persons with products or services that are exempted from VAT. (Amended by Article 104 of Decree-Law No. 122 of 1992 dated 29 December 1992, repealed and replaced by Article 57 of Decree-Law No. 111 of 1998 dated 28 December 1998).

This option can be requested at any time during the year, provided that the concerned party subscribes to a declaration of choice with the VAT control center or office to which the activity belongs.

The choice takes effect from the first day of the month following the month in which the choice was accepted and the state of choice is extended compulsorily until December 31 of the fourth year following the year in which the choice took effect.

The choice is implicitly renewed for periods of four years each. It is possible to renounce the choice within three months before the end of each period. In this case, withdrawing from the status of a VAT-liable person is linked to:

A - For domestic purchases from VAT-liable persons, payment of VAT on the value of the purchased goods, including all duties and taxes except VAT.

B - For imports, payment of VAT on the value of the goods purchased, according to the conditions stipulated in paragraph II-2 of Chapter VI below.

C - For equipment and construction, reimbursement of the VAT according to the conditions referred to in paragraphs III and IV of Chapter IX below.

II - Institutions affiliated with VAT-liable institutions, regardless of their legal status. An institution is considered affiliated with or managed by another institution if the latter exercises decision-making power, either directly or through intermediaries.

This also applies to any institution where another institution, directly or through intermediaries, exercises functions that include decision-making power or owns a significant share of the capital or a majority of the votes in the shareholder meetings or the shareholders. This also applies if the headquarters of the managing institution is located outside Tunisia or if the latter only plays a managerial role and does not personally exploit any industrial or commercial facilities.

Intermediaries, as defined above, are considered to be the owner, agents, managers, directors, and employees of the managing institution, as well as the father, mother, children, descendants, and spouse of the owner, agents, managers, or directors of this affiliated institution.

III (Amended by Article 333-2 of Decree-Law No. 21 of 2021 dated 28 December 2021): Warehouse owners and wholesale dealers of alcoholic beverages, wines, and beer, as well as retail dealers of alcoholic beverages, wines, and beer, regardless of the provisions of paragraph 1 of number 11 of Chapter I of this law. 
