(Added by Section 2 of Law No. 1 of 2008 dated January 8, 2008) - The President of the National Communications Authority may request information and documents necessary for deciding the dispute from the parties. The President of the Authority may also, when necessary, appoint experts from outside the Authority and define the tasks entrusted to them. The expenses of the examination shall be borne by the requesting party.

The President of the Authority may, when necessary, appoint experts from outside the Authority and define the tasks entrusted to them. The expenses of the examination shall be borne by the requesting party.

Experts may be appointed according to the provisions of the Code of Civil Procedure. The President of the Authority may, when necessary, appoint experts from outside the Authority and define the tasks entrusted to them. The expenses of the examination shall be borne by the requesting party.

In every stage of the case, the rapporteur may request from the parties all the documents necessary for resolving the dispute. The rapporteur shall finalize the investigation and prepare a report.

The rapporteur shall finalize the investigation and prepare a report.

The rapporteur shall finalize the investigation and prepare a report, in which he shall set out his observations within two months from the date on which he receives the response to the claim.

The rapporteur shall finalize the investigation and prepare a report, in which he shall set out his observations within two months from the date on which he receives the response to the claim, or from the date of preparing the report referred to in paragraph 4 of Section 68 of this Code. The President of the Authority may extend this period upon the request of the rapporteur, if necessary.

If no amicable solution is reached, the President of the Authority shall submit the final report to the parties to the dispute by registered mail with acknowledgment of receipt or by an electronic document stored in its final form in a reliable manner and supported by an electronic signature. The parties shall respond to this report, either personally or through a lawyer, by a memorandum containing the defense documents they deem appropriate, within one month from the date of notification. 
