1. The depositor in whose name the customs declaration for the goods’ entry into the warehouse was made, shall pay the duties and taxes or return the export benefits enjoyed, concerning the deposited goods which he/she could not return to the customs authorities in the same quantity and quality.

If the goods are seized upon import, he/she shall be obliged to pay an amount equal to their value.

2. However, the Director General of Customs may, if the re-export of the goods is impossible, either authorize the destruction of the imported goods that have deteriorated within the public warehouse, provided that the duties and taxes due on the remains of the destroyed goods are paid; or subject them to payment of the duties and taxes due according to their condition upon presentation to the customs authorities.

3.  A shortage in the goods, if proven to be due to the removal of dust, stones, or impurities, is not subject to the payment of duties and taxes.

4. The depositor is exempt from paying duties and taxes, or from paying an amount equal to the value of the goods, if the goods are seized when it is proven that the loss of goods placed under the public warehouse system is due to an unforeseen event, force majeure, or causes inherent in the nature of these goods.

5. The depositor is also exempt from paying duties and taxes, or from paying an amount equal to the value of the goods, as the case may be, if the goods placed in the public warehouse are stolen and this is legally proven.

6. If the goods are insured, evidence must be provided that the insurance policy obligates the insurer to pay the insured or the beneficiary a sum of money, a periodic income, or any other financial compensation in the event of the occurrence of the insured event, in return for premiums or any other financial payment made by the insured to the insurer. This only applies to the value of the goods in the warehouse.  In the absence of such proof, the provisions of paragraphs 4 and 5 of this article shall not apply.
