1. Duties are levied upon importation based on the origin of goods.

2. Taking into account the definitions of the origin of goods contained in the international agreements in force concluded between Tunisia and States or groups of States, goods are considered to originate from a country if they are “automatically obtained” in that country. The expression “automatically obtained in a country” refers to:

a. Mineral products extracted from that country;

b. Plant products harvested therein;

c. Live animals born and raised therein;

d. Products derived from live animals raised therein;

e. Products hunted or fished therein;

f. Products of marine fishing and other products extracted from the seas outside the territorial waters of a country by vessels registered or enrolled in that country and flying its flag;

g. Products obtained on board factory ships originating from the products referred to in point "f" and originating from that country, provided that these factory ships are registered or enrolled in that country and fly its flag;

h. Products extracted from the seabed or subsoil thereof located outside territorial waters, provided that the country exercises exclusive rights for exploitation purposes over that soil and its subsoil;

i. Waste and residues resulting from manufacturing processes and materials unsuitable for use, provided that they have been collected in that country and can only be used for the recovery of raw materials;

j. Goods automatically obtained from the goods referred to in points "a" to "i" or their derivatives at any stage of production.

3. The rules to be followed for determining the origin of goods obtained in a country using the products stipulated in paragraph (2) above, when imported from another country, are governed by the rule of substantial transformation.

4. Imported products do not benefit from the tariff treatment granted based on their origin unless proof of that origin is provided.  In case of doubt, customs authorities may request additional supporting evidence. A document justifying a single isolated accounting entry or a summary justifying a set of transactions may be required. The methods for submitting proof of origin and the cases that do not require the submission of the aforementioned supporting evidence shall be determined by a decision of the Minister of Finance.

5. Upon export, customs authorities shall endorse or authenticate certificates of origin in accordance with the legislation in force.
