1. a) The customs value of imported goods, as determined under the provisions of this Chapter, is the transaction value of identical goods sold for export to Tunisia, exported at or about the same time as the goods being valued.

b) When applying this Chapter, the customs value is determined by reference to the transaction value of goods identical to the goods being valued, sold at the same commercial level and in approximately the same quantities. In the absence of such sales, reference shall be made to the transaction value of identical goods sold at a different commercial level or in different quantities, adjusted to take account of the differences which may arise from the difference in commercial level or quantity or both, provided that these adjustments, whether resulting in an increase or decrease in value, are based on evidence clearly demonstrating their reasonableness and accuracy.


2. Where the costs and expenses referred to in Article 30-1, paragraph c), of this Code are included in the transaction value, that value shall be adjusted to take account of significant differences that may exist between the costs and expenses relating to the imported goods and the costs and expenses relating to the identical goods in question resulting from differences in distances and modes of transport.

3. If more than one transaction value of identical goods is found when applying this Chapter, the lowest transaction value shall be used to determine the customs value of the imported goods.

4. When applying this Chapter, the transaction value of goods produced by a person other than the producer of the goods being valued under paragraph 1(a) above shall not be taken into account, unless no transaction value of identical goods produced by the producer is available.

5. For the purposes of applying this Chapter, the term "transaction value of identical imported goods" refers to the customs value previously determined in accordance with Article 23 of this Code, as amended in accordance with paragraphs 1(b) and 2 of this Chapter.
