1. (a) The customs value of imported goods, as determined under the provisions of this Chapter, is the transaction value of identical goods sold for export to Tunisia and exported at the same time, or approximately at the same time, as the goods being valued.

(b) When applying the provisions of this Chapter, the customs value is determined by reference to the transaction value of goods identical to the goods being valued, sold at the same commercial level and in approximately the same quantity.  In the absence of such sales, reference shall be made to the transaction value of identical goods sold at a different commercial level or in different quantities, adjusted to take account of the differences resulting from the difference in commercial level or quantity, or both.  Such adjustments, whether resulting in an increase or decrease in value, shall be made only on the basis of evidence clearly demonstrating the reasonableness and accuracy of such adjustments.

2. When the costs and expenses referred to in Chapter 30(1)(c) of this Code are included in the transaction value, that value shall be adjusted to take account of significant differences that may exist between the costs and expenses relating to the imported goods and the costs and expenses relating to the identical goods concerned, resulting from differences in distances and modes of transport.

3. If more than one transaction value of identical goods is ascertained when applying the provisions of this Chapter, the lowest transaction value shall be used to determine the customs value of the imported goods.

4. When applying the provisions of this Chapter, the transaction value of goods produced by a person other than the producer of the goods being valued in accordance with paragraph 1 above shall not be taken into account, unless no transaction value of identical goods produced by the producer is available.

5. For the purpose of applying the provisions of this Chapter, the transaction value of identical imported goods refers to the customs value previously determined in accordance with Chapter 23 of this Code, as amended in accordance with paragraphs 1(a) and 1(b) of this Chapter.
