The holder of an exploration license, a research license, and/or an exploitation concession, and any party directly or indirectly contracted with them through a contract, shall, when engaged in exploration, research, or exploitation activities of hydrocarbons in the Tunisian territory, be subject to paying the following taxes, fees, and dues, according to the conditions stipulated below:

a) Registration with the relevant department of the agreements and their annexes, as well as amendments, complementary clauses, special agreements, or production-sharing agreements concluded within the framework of those agreements.
b) Registration with the relevant department of all supply, works, and services contracts related to all the activities of the license holder that are undertaken within the framework of the special agreement and related to the activities of exploration and exploitation of hydrocarbons.
c) Payments due to the Tunisian State, local authorities, public or private entities, or concessionaires of public services, for the use of roads, various networks, or other elements constituting public domain, either directly or indirectly, in accordance with the conditions of use stipulated in the special agreement.
d) Tax on industrial, commercial, or professional entities benefiting local authorities.
e) Tax on built-up properties.
f) Customs service fees and automatic information processing fees payable upon importation and exportation.
g) Any amount paid by or on behalf of the license holder as customs service fees upon exportation of produced hydrocarbons shall be considered an advance payment deducted from the profit tax referred to in paragraph three of Article 101 of this code, payable by the license holder for the fiscal year in which that amount is paid, or, if that is not possible, for subsequent fiscal years.
h) Taxes, fees, and dues paid by service providers, suppliers of materials, equipment, products, and raw materials or consumables, which are usually included in the purchase price, excluding value-added tax.
i) Transport and transit fees levied on vehicles.
j) Single insurance premium. 
