1. 103 If the relative royalties on production referred to in Article 4.2.101 of this Code are collected in cash, their amount shall be calculated monthly based on a statement of hydrocarbon quantities that is verified by the granting authority on the one hand and the value of the hydrocarbons determined according to the conditions stipulated in the specific agreement on the other hand. The statement of the calculation of relative royalties relating to the relevant month shall be submitted to the licensee, and the latter shall be required to pay them to the appointed financial collector within fifteen days of the notification of the statement of the calculation of royalties. 
Notification shall be deemed to have taken place upon signature by the respondent, or his agent, in the presence of the competent official, on a notification document, or on the summons to appear at the appointed time. 
Any delay in payment of the relative royalties, without prior notice, shall lead to the application of interest by the granting authority calculated at the market financial rate on the date of payment plus a 5-point percentage, without prejudice to other penalties provided for in this Code. 

2. 103 For the calculation of the tax on profits stipulated in the third paragraph of Article 101 of this Code, the licensee shall declare his results and provide his financial statements relating to each calendar quarter within three months following the end of the quarter concerned.

3. 103 The licensee shall pay the tax upon each declaration based on interim balances, with a final settlement being made within a maximum period of six months after the end of each relevant fiscal year.

4. 103 The fiscal year used for determining the taxable profit shall be the calendar year.

5. 103 The payment of tax on profits shall exclude any advance payment due under this heading, which is required under the legislation in force relating to income tax on natural persons and corporation tax, except for deductions from income on account of the aforementioned taxes that constitute advances that are deducted from the quarterly payments or from the final tax. 
