**(Added by Article 110, Paragraph T, of Law No. 23 of 2002, dated February 14, 2002)**

**Article 110**

1. The holder of an exploitation concession is authorized to:

(a) Apply deductions, at his choice, as expenses related to exploration activities carried out under a research license, to which shall be added, if applicable, expenses related to exploration activities carried out under an exploration license if the latter has been converted into a research license, and this applies to all exploitation concessions that result from the same research license.

(b) Apply deductions as expenses related to development costs pertaining to an exploitation concession on which no deductions have been applied, after the exploitation of the aforementioned concession has ceased, to all other concessions resulting from the same research license.

(c) In the event of assignment of the rights and obligations arising from an exploration license or a research license, or from petroleum exploitation concessions, or part thereof, the assignee may apply deductions for expenses, in accordance with the provisions of this Code, for the expenses incurred by the assignor that have not been paid or deducted.

2. The license holder may be authorized to apply deductions to an exploitation concession resulting from another license, as expenses related to exploration activities carried out pursuant to new commitments undertaken in addition to the contractual commitments, provided that the condition mentioned in Article 67 concerning the aforementioned concession has been met following the implementation of these new commitments. New commitments are considered to be all commitments undertaken by the license holder in addition to the contractual commitments, even if the license holder benefits from a reduction in the initial commitments pursuant to Article 25 of this Code.

3. The license holder may be authorized to apply deductions to concessions arising from previous licenses, as expenses related to exploration activities carried out under the new licenses, provided that the discoveries related to the aforementioned concessions have been made after the issuance of the new licenses. The provisions of the previous paragraph shall not apply to any new license granted in areas where the license holder has rights during the last three years preceding the date of its grant.

4. The annual amount of deductible expenses, pursuant to the provisions of paragraphs 2 and 3 of this article, may not exceed 50% of the profits accruing to the license holder from the concession concerned.

5. The licenses referred to in paragraphs 2 and 3 of this article shall be granted by a decree of the Minister in charge of hydrocarbons, based on a reasoned opinion of the Hydrocarbons Advisory Committee. 
