The transfer of partners' shares to others is not permitted except with the agreement of a majority of the partners representing at least three-quarters of the capital.  If the company consists of more than one partner, the proposed transfer shall be notified to the company and to each partner individually. If the company does not take a position on the transfer within three months of the date of the last notification mentioned above, the company's approval shall be deemed to have been obtained. If the company expresses its refusal to accept the transfer, the partners are required to purchase the shares or seek to sell them within three months from the date of the refusal. In the event of disagreement on the transfer price, this price shall be determined by a chartered accountant registered on the list of judicial experts, appointed either by agreement of all parties or by order on petition issued by the president of the competent court at the request of the most diligent party. (Paragraph four amended by Law No. 65 of 2005 dated July 27, 2005)

The company may also, within the same period and with the express consent of the transferor, repurchase the shares at the price determined according to the methods mentioned above and reduce the nominal value of the transferred shares from its total capital. The president of the primary court within whose jurisdiction the registered office of the company is located may grant the company an extension for payment not exceeding one year, by order on petition. In this case, the legal interest applicable in commercial matters shall be added to the amounts due to the company from the transferor. (Paragraph seven repealed by Law No. 69 of 2007 dated December 27, 2007)

If the specified period expires without any of the solutions provided for in this chapter being implemented, the partner may complete the transfer initially referred to, and any condition in the constitutive contract that contradicts the aforementioned provisions shall be considered null and void. However, the constitutive contract may stipulate less stringent conditions for the transfer than those provided for in this chapter.  The constitutive contract may also stipulate a reduction in the deadlines and the required majority.
