(Article 1 was amended and two further articles, 2 and 3, were added by Law No. 16 of 2009, dated March 16, 2009)

The company's constitutive contract may only be amended by a resolution approved by partners representing at least three-quarters of the company's capital, assembled in an extraordinary general meeting.  The constitutive contract may stipulate that the amendment of the constitutive contract is carried out by a decision of the extraordinary general meeting convened with the attendance of partners holding at least half of the shares. If the aforementioned quorum is not met, a second meeting shall be held after a period of not less than sixty days, attended by partners holding at least one-third of the capital. The summons for the second general meeting shall be effected in accordance with the provisions of Article 126 of this Code. In all cases, decisions shall be taken by a two-thirds majority of the partners present or represented. The constitutive contract may stipulate a higher quorum or majority than that mentioned, without requiring unanimity. The constitutive contract may be amended by the company's agent if this is done in application of legal or regulatory provisions requiring it. The amended constitutive contract shall be submitted for approval to the first subsequent general meeting. Each partner has the right to participate in increasing the company's capital in a proportion equal to their shareholding. Partners may exercise their subscription right within the timeframe stipulated in the resolution providing for the capital increase. This timeframe may not be less than twenty-one days, calculated from the date of opening the subscription right.  Partners shall be notified of the opening of the subscription and the subscription deadline by registered letters with acknowledgment of receipt, or by any other means leaving a written trace or having the probative value of a written document. Upon expiry of this deadline, the partner shall be considered to have waived their right to participate in the increase. In this case, the new shares not subscribed to shall be distributed among the other partners within twenty-one days, according to their respective shareholdings. After the expiry of this period, the subscription shall be opened to third parties, as per the decision of the general meeting. However, no decision may compel a partner to increase their contribution to the company's capital.
