(Paragraph 1 amended by Law No. 65 of 2005, dated July 27, 2005)

The constitutive general meeting or the ordinary general meeting shall appoint the members of the Supervisory Board for a term determined by the constitutive contract, which may not be less than two years nor exceed six years. In the case of a merger or division of the company, their appointment shall be made by the extraordinary general meeting for the aforementioned term. The appointment of members of the Supervisory Board may be renewed unless the constitutive contract stipulates otherwise.  Members of the Supervisory Board may be dismissed at any time by the ordinary general meeting. Any appointment made in violation of the provisions of this chapter shall be considered null and void, except for appointments made in accordance with the conditions stipulated in Article 243 of this Code. This shall not, however, invalidate the deliberations in which the illegally appointed member participated. Article 239 bis – (Added by Law No. 47 of 2019, dated May 29, 2019)

The Supervisory Board of listed companies must include at least two independent members.  Their term of office may not exceed three years. The independent members cannot be shareholders in the company. The membership of each of the independent members may be renewed only once. Any appointment made in contravention of the provisions of this chapter shall be considered null and void; however, this shall not invalidate the deliberations in which the independent member participated illegally. The ordinary general meeting may dismiss the independent members only for serious reasons relating to their violation of legal requirements or the constitutive contract, or for committing management errors, or for loss of independence. An independent member is defined as any member who has no relationship with the companies mentioned in the first paragraph, their shareholders, or their managers, that could affect the independence of their decision or place them in a situation of actual or potential conflict of interest.
