A contract is a legally binding agreement that obligates the contracting parties and defines their obligations and rights concerning the specific transaction.  The company's contract, except for a partnership company, shall be in writing or by an official instrument. If among the contributions are in-kind contributions relating to registered real estate, it must be drawn up in accordance with the legislation in force; otherwise, it shall be considered void. The drafter of the contract shall be liable to the company and its partners if he commits a serious error or fraud. No evidence shall be admitted between the partners to contradict the terms of the company’s contract. However, agreements concluded between partners concerning the company shall be valid and binding on the parties if they are limited to regulating their private rights and do not conflict with the provisions of the constitutive contract. (Paragraph three of Article One was amended by Law No. 16 of 2009 dated March 16).

Agreements stipulating preferential terms for the sale or purchase of securities representing a contribution to the capital or enabling participation therein, issued by public limited companies, must be submitted to the company concerned and to the Financial Market Authority within a period not exceeding five business days on the stock exchange from the date of signing the agreement; otherwise, their effects shall be legally suspended, and the parties shall be released from their commitments during public offerings for sale. The company and the Financial Market Authority must also be informed of the date of termination of the agreement. An order issued by the Financial Market Authority shall specify the conditions and forms for informing the public of the terms of the aforementioned agreements. (Paragraph four of Article Two was added by Law No. 16 of 2009 dated March 16, 2009).

Non-partners may, when necessary, prove by all means the existence of the company or one or more of the conditions contained in the company’s contract.
