The constitutive contract of limited liability companies and partnerships limited by shares may stipulate a clause providing that the company's capital may be increased either through successive payments by the partners or by admitting new partners, and may be reduced upon partners' recovery of all or part of their shares. Companies whose constitutive contract includes the aforementioned clause are subject to the general rules governing them according to their specific type, as well as to the following provisions:

Their constitutive contract must specify a minimum amount below which their capital may not fall due to share redemption and partner withdrawal. This amount should not be less than one-twentieth of the company's capital. The company is not definitively formed until ten percent of the capital has been paid.  Each partner may withdraw from the company at any time they deem appropriate, unless the contract contains a contrary provision, subject to the application of the third paragraph of this chapter. A clause may stipulate that the general meeting, upon obtaining the necessary majority to amend the constitutive contract, may decide to expel one or more partners. However, a partner separated from the company, whether voluntarily or by decision of the general meeting, remains bound for five years towards the partners and third parties by all obligations existing at the time of their separation, to the extent of the capital they recovered upon separation. The capital may not exceed ten thousand dinars. It may be increased by a decision of the general meeting year by year, provided that this increase does not exceed ten thousand dinars. Shares or parts thereof shall remain registered even after full payment of their value. They are not transferable until the company is definitively formed. They cannot be offered for trading until their transfer is recorded in the company's registers. A clause may be included in the constitutive contract granting the board of directors, the collective management body, or the general meeting the right to object to such transfer, taking into account the provisions relating to investment companies with variable capital and mutual societies.
