The President or any of his assistants may be suspended from their duties by a reasoned decision of the Minister in charge of local communities, for a maximum period of three months, after consultation with the Office of the Higher Council of Local Communities, and after hearing them or requesting them to provide written statements concerning any serious mistakes attributed to them that involve a violation of the law and have caused serious damage to the public interest.

Felonies, within the meaning of this law, are offenses that warrant punishment by death or imprisonment for a period exceeding five years. Misdemeanors are offenses that warrant punishment by imprisonment for a period exceeding fifteen days but not exceeding five years, or by a fine exceeding sixty dinars. Violations are offenses that warrant punishment not exceeding fifteen days of imprisonment or sixty dinars in fines. (Article 122 of the Code of Criminal Procedure)

The Presidents or assistants may be dismissed by a reasoned government order after hearing them and consulting the Office of the Higher Council of Local Communities, if their responsibility in the acts mentioned in the first paragraph is established. The Office of the Higher Council of Local Communities shall give its reasoned opinion within ten days of receiving the consultation from the Head of Government.

Decisions to suspend or dismiss may be appealed before the competent Administrative Court of First Instance. The concerned parties may request the suspension of the execution of the aforementioned decisions within five days of being notified of the decisions. The President of the competent Administrative Court shall rule on the request for suspension of execution within a period not exceeding ten days of the date of submission of the request.

Decisions to suspend or dismiss shall not take effect until a decision is issued rejecting the President of the competent Administrative Court's request for suspension of execution, or until the deadline for its submission expires, pursuant to the preceding paragraph of this chapter.

Dismissal shall obligatorily result in their ineligibility for the remainder of the term, except in the event of the cancellation of the dismissal order by the Administrative Court. 
