(Amended by Law No. 10 of 1995, dated January 23, 1995).

The Land Surveying and Mapping Office shall, within forty-five days following the publication of the content in the Official Gazette of the Tunisian Republic and after notification to the competent mayor, appoint a sworn engineer to proceed with the temporary demarcation of the property, recording the proceedings in a report with the applicant for registration or after summoning him.  This must be done without interruption, notwithstanding any objections, which shall always be recorded in the report, and claims of entitlement appearing during the process shall be determined on-site.

The engineer shall always, even on his own initiative, determine the roads of any importance, particularly those shown on war-time maps or those created or arranged in the public domain in accordance with the legislation in force, according to general practices and the average width existing at the date of demarcation.

However, if the owner agrees, or if an expropriation order is issued to widen or relocate the road, the demarcation shall be carried out according to the instructions of the Ministry in charge of equipment.

If the registration application concerns a quarter-share, the sworn engineer may, with the authorization of the President of the Land Registry Court, obtain the assistance of a judicial expert.

Except for dwellings, the engineer may request the assistance of the public force with the authorization of the representative of the Republic.

The public shall be informed through the Official Gazette of the Tunisian Republic of the appointed date of demarcation at least twenty days in advance.  The proceedings shall be recorded in the demarcation report.

If the demarcation cannot be completed, or if the work is adjourned to another day, a report shall be drawn up, limiting itself to summoning the applicant for registration and the objectors administratively.

The date of completion of the demarcation operations shall be briefly published in the Official Gazette of the Tunisian Republic.

The Land Surveying and Mapping Office shall submit the temporary demarcation report to the Land Registry Court clerk within a maximum of three months from the date of the temporary demarcation, after the payment of any additional fees, if any.  It shall inform the Court if such fees are not paid.
