(Added by Article 2 of Law No. 78 of 2005 dated August 14, 2005)  Regardless of any criminal proceedings, failure by a professional real estate agent to comply with the provisions of this Law or the terms and conditions relating to the practice of the activity shall result in the imposition of one of the following penalties:

- A warning.
- Temporary suspension from work as a professional real estate agent for a period of six months to one year.
- Definitive suspension from practicing the activity of a professional real estate agent.

The warning shall be issued by the head of the relevant local authority in the event of repeated and significant negligence by the professional real estate agent in performing the tasks entrusted to him, after having been warned and failing to remedy the negligence within a maximum period of ten days.

The penalty of temporary suspension from practicing the activity shall be imposed by decision of the Governor of the relevant region, based on a complaint submitted to the head of the local authority within whose jurisdiction the property is located by at least one-third of the owners or their representatives, such as those managing the property, after requesting the concerned professional real estate agent to submit his observations within ten days.

The penalty of temporary suspension from work shall also be imposed if more than two warnings are issued to the professional real estate agent.

The penalty of definitive suspension from practicing the activity shall be imposed by decision of the Governor of the relevant region on the professional real estate agent against whom three decisions of temporary suspension from work have been issued within five years.

The person concerned shall be notified of the penalty imposed on him within a maximum period of fifteen days by registered mail with acknowledgment of receipt.

Within the same timeframe mentioned in the preceding paragraph, the head of the local authority and the owners' association shall also be notified of the decision to impose the penalty on the professional real estate agent.

The head of the relevant local authority shall appoint a temporary professional real estate agent to act on behalf of his counterpart in the event of temporary suspension or liquidation in the event of definitive suspension from practicing the activity.
