In the event that no agreement is reached through amicable settlement with the landowners, the concessionaire may be granted permission by the Minister of Agriculture, by decision, to benefit from the easements defined in Article 76 of this Code, after hearing the aforementioned landowners. The landowners shall be notified of the authorization decision by means of a non-judicial act by the concessionaire. In all cases, the landowner shall be entitled to a pre-paid compensation, the amount of which shall be determined in the absence of an amicable settlement according to the following provisions:

If the work performed is temporary in nature, the compensation shall be paid as an annual non-divisible sum, which shall not exceed twice the rental value of the occupied land during its occupation. If the occupation continues for more than three years or if the occupied land is no longer suitable for its original purpose after the completion of the works, the owner may demand that the concessionaire purchase the land. Furthermore, the parts of the land that are significantly damaged or substantially ruined, or the parts that remain unoccupied, with the exception of a very small area that prevents its use, shall be purchased in full if the owner so requests. The purchase price shall be determined by agreement between the parties. In the absence of an amicable settlement, the aforementioned price shall be determined by the Court, which shall consider, in its assessment of the price, any increase in value directly benefiting or that has directly benefited the remaining parts of the property subject to occupation. 

The judgments issued in this matter shall always be subject to immediate execution with the provision of a security deposit, regardless of the appeal process. The execution may be initiated upon the provision of the determined amount of the compensation. However, the concessionaire may, according to the procedures applicable to expedited proceedings, request immediate possession of the land referenced in the authorization decision, in return for providing a security deposit on account of the disputed compensation amount. 
