## English Translation: 

1. No person shall be prevented from acting as an arbitrator due to their nationality, unless the parties agree otherwise. 

2. The parties have the freedom to agree on the procedure to be followed in appointing the arbitrator or arbitrators, without prejudice to the provisions of paragraphs 4 and 5 of this chapter. This procedure shall ensure the appointment of a suitable individual for the task, possessing the qualifications and competencies necessary to fulfill the requirements of the position. 

3. If the parties have not agreed on a procedure, the following shall apply:

a) In the case of arbitration by three arbitrators, each party shall appoint one arbitrator. The two appointed arbitrators shall then jointly appoint the third arbitrator. If one party fails to appoint an arbitrator within thirty days of receiving a request from the other party, or if the two arbitrators fail to agree on the third arbitrator within thirty days of their own appointments, the President of the Court of Appeal of Tunis shall, upon the request of either party, appoint the third arbitrator by a summary order. 

b) If the arbitration is to be conducted by a single arbitrator, and the parties are unable to agree on the arbitrator, the President of the Court of Appeal of Tunis shall, upon the request of either party, appoint the arbitrator by a summary order. 

The judge, in making this appointment, shall take into consideration the qualifications set out in the first paragraph of Article 10 of this Code. 

4. If the parties have agreed on appointment procedures but have not specified another method for ensuring the appointment in their agreement, either party may request the President of the Court of Appeal of Tunis to take the necessary measures by a summary order in any of the following circumstances:

a) If one party fails to act in accordance with these procedures. 

b) If the parties or the arbitrators are unable to reach an agreement required of them under these procedures.

c) If a body, even if it is an institution, fails to perform any task entrusted to it in these procedures.

5. Decisions made by the President of the Court of Appeal of Tunis in matters entrusted to him by paragraphs 3 and 4 of this chapter shall not be subject to any form of appeal. 
