(Amended by Law No. 41 of 2010, dated July 26, 2010). - Each Court of Appeal comprises a criminal appeal division, at a minimum. This division is composed of: a President of the third rank holding the position of a division president at the Court of Cassation; two judges of the third rank; and two judges of the second rank.  In case of impossibility, the President may be replaced by one of the division presidents at the Court of Appeal; the two judges of the third rank may be replaced by two judges of the second rank; and the two judges of the second rank may be replaced by other judges. The Public Prosecutor's functions are exercised by the Attorney General at the Court of Appeal or his assistant. The function of clerk is performed by one of the clerks of the Court of Appeal. The First President of the Court of Appeal may decide to add a counselor or several counselors to the composition of the criminal appeal division in cases requiring lengthy proceedings. The additional counselor(s) shall attend the session and shall only participate in the deliberation in case of the impossibility of attendance of one or more of the official counselors. Each court of first instance established at the seat of a Court of Appeal comprises, at least, a criminal division that hears criminal cases.  Where necessary, criminal divisions may be established at courts of first instance not located at the seat of a Court of Appeal. This is done by order based on a proposal from the Minister of Justice. The criminal division of the court of first instance is composed of: a president of the third rank holding the position of a division president at the Court of Appeal; four judges of the second rank. In case of impossibility, the president may be replaced by a vice-president, and the counselors by judges of the same court of first instance. The court of first instance is often the first court to consider a dispute and render a decision. The president of the court may decide to add one or more judges to the composition of the court in cases requiring lengthy proceedings. The additional judge(s) shall attend the session and shall only participate in the deliberation in case of the impossibility of attendance of one or more of the official members. The functions of the public prosecutor before the criminal division of the first instance are exercised by the Public Prosecutor or his assistant. The function of clerk is performed by one of the clerks of the court of first instance.  An appeal is a legal procedure that allows the chosen party to request a review of the judgment issued by the previous court.  A court is a place where litigation takes place between parties; it is a civil entity under the judicial authority, which must have its independence within the three branches of government.
