(Amended by Law No. 70 of 1987, dated November 26, 1987, and repealed and replaced by Article 1 of Law No. 5 of 2016, dated February 16, 2016.) – If the Investigating Judge is unable to conduct some investigations personally, he may delegate to Investigating Judges appointed outside his jurisdiction or to judicial officers appointed within and outside his jurisdiction, each within his purview, to conduct the acts that are characteristic of his duties, except for issuing judicial warrants.  He shall issue a decision to that effect addressed to the Public Prosecutor for execution. He may not delegate to a judicial officer unless he has interrogated the suspect, except in cases of flagrante delicto, in which judicial officers are qualified to hear the accused and perform the other acts specified in the delegation, and they must respect the provisions of Articles 13 bis, 13 ter, 13 quater, 13 quinquies, and 13 sexies. If the execution of the delegation requires hearing the suspect while at liberty, the provisions of Articles 13 bis, 13 ter, 13 quinquies, and 13 sexies shall apply, bearing in mind the following: If the charge is a felony and the suspect has not chosen a lawyer and requested the appointment of one, the appointment shall be made by the head of the regional bar association or his representative from a standing list prepared for this purpose, and this shall be stated in the record. The lawyer may submit his written observations, together with any supporting documents, if necessary, directly to the Investigating Judge within or after the period of detention. This does not exempt the Investigating Judge from fulfilling the obligations of Article 69 of this Code if he has not already done so.  For the necessity of investigating terrorist cases, the Investigating Judge may not permit the lawyer to visit, meet, and be present during the hearing of the suspect, or to communicate with him by other means, or to access the case files before the delegated investigator for a period not exceeding forty-eight hours from the date of detention, unless the Public Prosecutor has previously issued a decision prohibiting this. The District Judge may not entrust other judicial officers with the delegations assigned to him unless expressly authorized to do so by the Investigating Judge. If the execution of the delegation requires hearing the injured party, the provisions of Article 13 septies shall apply.
