The limited review shall encompass the tax situation of the taxpayer for a period not exceeding one year, and which is not subject to the statute of limitations. This review may relate to all payments due for that period, or part thereof, or to some of the transactions or data related to the assessment of those payments.  Transfer pricing is excluded from the scope of the limited review. The provisions of the preceding paragraph shall not preclude the review of periods not covered by the limited review if they have an impact on the period covered by the review, without leading to a claim for additional payment for that period. The limited review shall be subject to all rules and procedures relating to the in-depth review of the tax situation, unless they conflict with its specific provisions. The prior notification of the limited review must explicitly state its nature and, where applicable, the transactions or data subject to the review, in addition to the information provided for in Article 39 of this Code. The actual commencement date of the limited review must not be less than fifteen days from the date of notification of the prior notification. However, the tax authorities may postpone the commencement of the limited review for a maximum period of seven days, on their own initiative or at the written request of the taxpayer. In the event that the taxpayer fails to submit the accounts to the tax authorities' officers qualified to conduct the limited review on the date set for its actual commencement, the taxpayer shall be notified by the methods provided for in Article 10 or Article 10 bis of this Code to submit them within a maximum period of seven days from the date of notification. A limited review cannot be carried out more than once a year except at the request of the taxpayer. The tax authorities may not conduct a limited review of payments due for a given period, or of transactions or data that have been subject to a limited or in-depth review, except in the case of obtaining information affecting the basis of the assessment and its calculation, and which was not previously known to the administration. (This Article was added by Article 47 of Decree No. 21 of 2021 dated December 28, 2021, relating to the Finance Act for 2022).
