The limited review is subject to the following time limits:

A. Thirty days for the maximum actual duration of the review provided for in Article 40 of this Code, if the limited review is based on accounting compliant with tax legislation; and sixty days in other cases.  The following periods are not taken into account in calculating this duration: the delay in submitting the accounting after notification to the taxpayer as provided for in Article 41 bis of this Code; the delay in responding in writing to the tax authorities' requests for guidance, clarifications, or justifications relating to the limited review; and periods during which the limited review is suspended for reasons beyond the control of the taxpayer, at the request of the latter, or on the initiative of the tax authorities, for which correspondence exists, provided that the total duration of the suspension of the limited review does not exceed fifteen days when suspended at the request of the taxpayer or on the initiative of the tax authorities.

B. Seven days for the deadline relating to the taxpayer's response to the tax authorities' requests for guidance, clarifications, or justifications relating to the tax audit provided for in Article 41 of this Code.

C. Ten days for the deadline relating to the taxpayer's written response to the results of the tax audit provided for in Article 44 of this Code.

D. Ten days for the deadline relating to the tax authorities' written response to the taxpayer's objection to the results of the tax audit provided for in Article 44 bis of this Code.

E. Seven days for the deadline for the taxpayer to submit his observations, objections, and reservations in writing concerning the tax authorities' response to his objections to the results of the tax audit provided for in Article 44 bis of this Code.

F. Seven days for the deadline for the taxpayer to object to the notification of the tax authorities' amendment of the results of the tax audit in light of the opinion of the conciliation committee, as provided for in Article 124 of this Code.

G. Twelve months for the maximum deadline for notifying the taxpayer of the decision of compulsory enforcement provided for in Article 51 bis of this Code.

The provisions of paragraph six of Article 40 of this Code relating to the extension of the duration of the in-depth review for the purpose of obtaining information from the competent authorities of states linked to Tunisia by agreements relating to the exchange of information and administrative assistance in tax matters, do not apply to the limited review. (This article was added by Article 47 of Decree No. 21 of 2021 dated December 28, 2021, relating to the 2022 Finance Act).
