1) Applied to an insurance company, the contract is a legally binding agreement that obliges the contracting parties and defines their obligations and rights in relation to the specific transaction. By this, the insurer undertakes to pay the insured or the beneficiary a sum of money or a regular income or any other financial compensation in the event of the occurrence of the insured event in return for premiums or any other financial payment made by the insured to the insurer.  

And an reinsurance company, the contract is a legally binding agreement that obliges the contracting parties and defines their obligations and rights in relation to the specific transaction. By this, the insurer undertakes to pay the insured or the beneficiary a sum of money or a regular income or any other financial compensation in the event of the occurrence of the insured event in return for premiums or any other financial payment made by the insured to the insurer. 

If it is delayed in sending the documents mentioned in sections 60 and 207 of this magazine or if it has not published its annual accounts within the legal deadlines, a fine of fifty dinars for each day of delay (amended pursuant to the first section of law no. 37 of 2002 dated April 1, 2002 and repealed and replaced by section 2 of law no. 47 of 2014 dated July 24, 2014). 2) “Applied to” an insurance company that uses experts or loss adjusters who are not (1) registered in the register stipulated in section 79 of this magazine, a fine of between one hundred and one thousand dinars shall be imposed.

3) “Applied to” an insurance company that fails to send its general terms and conditions (1) for insurance contracts as stipulated in section 46 of this magazine, a fine of between one thousand and five thousand dinars shall be imposed. (Amended pursuant to section five of law no. 91 of 2001 dated August 7, 2001). 4) “Applied to” an insurance company that fails to send its definitions (1) for different types of insurance contracts as stipulated in section 47 of this magazine, a fine of between one thousand and five thousand dinars shall be imposed. 

5) “Applied to” insurance companies and reinsurance companies that implement (1) any agreement concluded between them without respecting the requirements of section 92 of this magazine, a fine of between one thousand and five thousand dinars shall be imposed. (Amended pursuant to section one of law no. 37 of 2002 dated April 1, 2002). 

6) “Applied to” the policyholder of an insurance contract who has not delivered the memo stipulated in section 43 of this magazine to the insurer, (1) a fine of between one thousand and five thousand dinars shall be imposed.

7) “Applied to” insurance companies and reinsurance companies that do not implement any agreement concluded within their professional association pursuant to the requirements of section 92 of this magazine, (1) a fine of between one thousand and five thousand dinars shall be imposed. (Added pursuant to section three of law no. 37 of 2002 dated April 1, 2002).  Fines stipulated in this section shall be collected by a “binding card” issued by the Minister of Finance at the suggestion of the authority (1). 
