During the month of January each year, the Secretary of State for News and Information shall prepare a list of heads of press institutions who, for the said year, undertake:

1. To pay journalists working under their supervision, and generally any person designated by Article 397 who is in their service, wages not less than the wages determined for each professional category by region through a decision of a mixed committee comprising representatives of press institutions and representatives of journalists.

This committee, composed equally of representatives of employees and employers, with at least three representatives for each party, shall be responsible for preparing a table of minimum wages for the region concerned.

This committee shall be chaired by a senior official appointed by the Secretary of State for News and Information, who shall manage the discussions without participating in the voting.

The committee may, if there is a significant difference in the importance of press institutions in one city, establish at most three categories in which the institutions concerned are ranked.

The mixed committee shall definitively establish the minimum wage table for each category.

If a definitive disagreement arises between the representatives participating in this committee, they shall refer to a person appointed by mutual agreement of the parties.  If the appointment of such a person proves impossible, the President of the Primary Court of Tunis shall appoint him/her compulsorily from among senior officials, whether active or retired, and as far as possible, from among judicial officers residing in the same city or region.

The decisions of this appointment are not subject to any form of appeal.


2. To pay their employees – in the event of illness not resulting from a work accident – compensation equal to one month's salary if it concerns a journalist attached to their institution for at least six months but not more than one year, and equal to at least three months' salary if it concerns a journalist attached to their institution for more than one year; and to pay, in addition, compensation equal to half a month's salary for the following two or three months of illness if the journalist has been attached to their institution for at least six months but not more than one year, or if he has been attached to it for more than one year.

If the head of the press institution fails to do so, the employees shall have the right to directly bring an action against him/her to demand the application of the provisions mentioned above.
